add tenant resolution and multi-tenant subdomain info. (#578)
stellar/stellar-docs: network/stellar-disbursement-platform/admin-guide/design-and-architecture.mdx

- **TSS Schema**: contains tables for managing transactions. This schema is used by the Transaction Submission Service to manage the state of payment transactions.
- **Tenant Schemas**: each tenant has its own schema that contains tables for managing disbursements, recipients, and other tenant-specific data. These schemas are prefixed with `sdp_`.

## Multi-tenancy {#multi-tenancy}

The SDP can be deployed in a multi-tenant configuration, where multiple organizations share the same instance of the SDP. Each organization is referred to as a tenant and has its own set of data and configuration. A host organization can manage multiple tenants and manage their configuration through the Admin API.

### Tenant Resolution {#tenant-resolution}

The SDP uses a tenant resolution strategy to determine which tenant a request belongs to. Tenant resolution is only required for unauthenticated requests, as authenticated requests include the tenant information already in the JWT token.

- **Header**: the `SDP-Tenant-Name` header is used to specify the tenant name in the request. When present, this header is used to attempt resolving the tenant.

> - **Subdomain**: the SDP can use the subdomain of the request URL to resolve the tenant. For example, `tenant1.sdp.example.com` would resolve to the tenant `tenant1`.

Reviewer: 💡 To make it clear we're talking about the backend:
```suggestion
- **Subdomain**: the SDP can use the subdomain of the request URL to resolve the tenant. For example, `tenant1.sdp.backend.test` would resolve to the tenant `tenant1`.
```

Author: addressed in 383e0a1e78ce90812c85776593aa9f8fd841c21b

> - **Subdomain**: the SDP can use the subdomain of the request URL to resolve the tenant. For example, `tenant1.sdp.example.com` would resolve to the tenant `tenant1`.

Reviewer: I miss two more topics here:

- one is single-tenant-mode resolution (all resolves to the default tenant)
- the other topic is how the domain is also important for the frontend, where it's basically mandatory when not using single-tenant mode.

Author: addressed in 383e0a1e78ce90812c85776593aa9f8fd841c21b
